Once upon a time, there was a king of Persia named Shahryar, a sister of Scheherazade named Dunyazad and a queen of Persia named Scheherazade. Scheherazade suggested that she should tell a story, because it was Alex's birthday. So she began, "It is related, O august king, that..." And Scheherazade told a very exciting story. Then Scheherazade ended her story, saying, "But there is another tale which is more marvelous still."

So she began, "It is related, O august king, that..." This is the story that Scheherazade told:

Once upon a time, there was a poet exiled from Florence named Dante Alighieri, a queen of Persia named Scheherazade and a blind poet named Homer. Dante Alighieri suggested that he should tell a story, because it was Alex's birthday. So he began, "It is related, O august king, that..." This is the story that Dante Alighieri told:

Once upon a time, there was a blind poet named Homer, an English poet named Geoffery Chaucer and an explorer of Venice named Marco Polo. Homer suggested that he should tell a story, because it was Alex's birthday. So he began, "It is related, O august king, that..." And Homer told a very exciting story. Then Homer ended his story, saying, "But there is another tale which is more marvelous still."

So he began, "It is related, O august king, that..." And Homer told a very exciting story. "And that was how it happened," Homer said, ending his story.

"And that was how it happened," Dante Alighieri said, ending his story.

Then Scheherazade ended her story, saying, "But there is another tale which is more marvelous still."

So she began, "It is related, O august king, that..." This is the story that Scheherazade told:

Once upon a time, there was a poet exiled from Florence named Dante Alighieri, a lady of the Imperial Court named Murasaki Shikibu and a child trying to go to Slumberland named Little Nemo. Little Nemo suggested that he should tell a story, because it was Alex's birthday. So he began, "It is related, O august king, that..." 